career_development: CTO / VP Of Engineering (#323)
src-d/guide: talent/career_development.md

A Team Lead has also a major role in the hiring process (screening, initial calls, 
code challenge reviews, etc).

> #### VP Of Engineering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### VP of Engineering
```

> The VP Of Engineering is how to manage the engineering team on a daily basis. Being 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The VP of Engineering manages the engineering team on a daily basis. Being 
```

the following the primary responsibilities:

- Focused on building and delivering products
- Grows and manages the engineering team
- Responsible for the practices and culture of the team
- Assessing the time it will take to deliver features (or products)
- Delivering quality releases on a schedule
- Manager for the leads (this includes responsibility for quarterly one-on-ones)
- Be part of pre/post sales when the customer requires it (occasionally customers require executive presence) 
- Delivering quarterly OKR’s for the engineering organization

Is responsible to keep the CTO up to date on decisions made that impact
the way the team works and is structured; final decision power on these matters

> is with the VPEng, but it’s expected that VPEng seeks advice from the CTO when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is with the VP of Engineering, but it’s expected that VP of Engineering seeks advice from the CTO when
```

> making big changes. The VP Of Engineering is responsible to involve the CTO in 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
making big changes. The VP of Engineering is responsible to involve the CTO in 
```

major architecture / technical decisions that impact the product architecture. 

#### Chief Technology Officer

The CTO is ultimately responsible for running the engineering department and

> providing global direction on development. Being the following theprimary responsibilities:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
providing global direction on development. Being the following their main responsibilities:
```

- Have a strong vision, technology visionary of source{d}
- Work on cutting edge prototypes for the future
- Set the future technical direction of the company and products
- Responsible for major long term impacting technical decisions
- Deeply care about the quality of what we deliver and build
- Define the product architecture

> CTO has final say on the product architecture but VPEng decides how, when and by

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
CTO has final say on the product architecture but VP Of Engineering decides how, when and by
```
